{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The project aims to find topics in the lyrics of the italian band \'93Rhapsody of Fire\'94.\
In details, the first part is a pre-cleaning. Originally I planned to: open the file, separate words with white spaces, write all the words in lower cases, remove the stopwords, remove the non-english words, remove the extra-words (like \'93chorus\'94, \'93solo\'94), remove numbers, remove punctuation, tokenize.\
I encountered a few problems, due to my partial knowledge of Python. The difficult step was removing specific words. I tried removing the non-english words by using a file with a list of english words, but somehow the outcome resulted too drastic. Therefore I bypass the problem, by manually excluding all the songs containing non-english words (italian/latin). The manual precleaning was quite easy to handle, because this band usually write songs either entirely in english, or entirely in italian. However, in some songs there were some sentences in latin. Therefore the manual cleaning is still sometimes unprecise. I think, for a future perfectioning of the project, this passage could be improved.\
\
The second step concerns the topic modelling. I decided to find 8 topics. The results are quite satisfiying. I know very well the topics they usually sing about, and the results are quite precise. The main problem I think is that the pre-processing still left few words not very relevant for the topic modelling, as \'91let\'92, \'91may\'92, \'91one\'92. I think this could be solved, by implementing the cleaning steps (i.e. stopwords).\
\
NB: In order to use this project, the user need to install nltk and gensim.\
The difference between the two .txt file, is that the rhapsody_dataset.txt contains all the lyrics, the precleaned only the english one (so it is the one manually cleaned). I left both for clarity.}